V A M P S  is supplied with a set of functions in S-Lang files. Some
are needed for the program to function and some can be called by the
user to perform specific tasks. Ofcourse you can write your own S-Lang
scripts to let the program do what you want.
Extensions:
.sl		Files that contain S-Lang functions
.slx		Files that contain complete S-Lang programs
		that can be run as excecutable scripts (UNIX only)
		or with the "-I filename" option
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Command line scripts:
sldoc[.slx]	extract or show functions documantation in
		S-Lang and C files

Files that can be used with the -I option:
mkidx.slx	Make index of large output files, this is handy
                if you want to process these files in a more
		or less random order. It can save a lot of time.
mkinp.slx	Very simple input file generator. Although it is
                simple it should give you a sceleton to start with.
report.slx	Generates report from output file

The files can be excecuted using 'vamps -I filename '.
On UNIX systems you can make this scripts `self runnable' by
adding a first line like '#!/usr/local/bin/vamps -I' and
making the script excecutable with the chmod(1) command.

Files with utility functions:
regress.sl	Regression equations, _MUST_ be present
rep.sl		Called by report.sl
runut.sl	Utillities for interactive mode _during_ a vamps run
stop.sl		Vamps emergency stop conditions
util.sl		Low level utilities, _MUST_ be present
vamps.sl	Defaults and initializations, _MUST_ be present
topsys.sl	Example of a very simple topsystem written in
		S-Lang. 
soilf.sl	Example of theta/psi functions defined in S-Lang
		This example uses the Clapp/Hornberger functions
		which are also present as internal functions.
		This can be used as a sceleton if you want to
		add a new method to vamps

Misc:
metut.sl	Several functions usefull for evapotranspiration 
		calculations
stats.sl	Misc. statistical functions written by R. Venneker


Defaults file:
vampsrc         File containing defaults (vamps.rc on MS-DOS systems)
vampssl

Soil types:
soillib.cla	This file contains a library of soil types and 
		theta/phi/k relations for both the clapp/horberger 
		method. I took the parameters from
		the original source and converted them to the format
		that vamps uses.
